biggis you properly hip-hop so hip-hop
[Music]
max is the best canine on the force
I'm good at taking a bite out of crime
but to crack this case a baby panda was
stolen and they're using adults there
was a front for animal smuggler hmm I'm
working undercover he'll have to be Best
in Show whoa Ziggler the fashion zip
toilet water mm-hmm he can't do it alone
I'm deputizing both of you a team of
crime fighter with license to bust so
he's calling all birds fashionistas
away on May 18 duty calls
we are cooking with gas from the
director of Beverly Hills Chihuahua The
Smurfs and Scootaloo what's that bikini
wax what
[Music]
now this is what being a movie star is
all about shoo dogs
[Music]